[doc] Mention __slots__ behavior in weakref.rst (#21061)
python/cpython: Doc/library/weakref.rst

Extension types can easily be made to support weak references; see
:ref:`weakref-support`.

> ``__slots__`` existence in a type (and the contents) affects whether that type

Reviewer: I don't understand what you mean by "and the contents". Content of what?

> ``__slots__`` existence in a type (and the contents) affects whether that type
> supports weak references. See :ref:`__slots__ documentation <slots>` for details.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When ``__slots__`` are defined for a given type, weak reference support is
disabled unless a ``'__weakref__'`` string is also present in the sequence of
strings in the ``__slots__`` declaration.
See :ref:`__slots__ documentation <slots>` for details.
```
